Adding Tls client information (#1344)
temporalio/documentation: docs/app-dev-context/connecting-temporal-client.md

> When connecting to a Temporal Client, you must provide the address and port number, if the SDK doesn't default to an address you want to connect to.

Reviewer: The connection is from the Client to the Cluster.

Might want to change this section to "connect-to-a-cluster"

Or be be verbose - "connect a temporal client to a temporal cluster"

- To connect to our Docker image, use `127.0.0.1:7233`.

> - To connect custom Cluster address, use `web.<Namespace_ID>.tmprl.cloud`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To connect to a Temporal Cloud Namespace use `web.<Namespace_ID>.tmprl.cloud`.
```

:::note

The difference between the gRPC and Temporal Web endpoints:

- The gRPC endpoint has a DNS address of `<Namespace_ID>.tmprl.cloud`, for example: `accounting-production.f45a2.tmprl.cloud`.
- The Temporal Web endpoint is `web.<Namespace_ID>.tmprl.cloud`, for example: `https://web.accounting-production.f45a2.tmprl.cloud`.

> 

Reviewer 2: Oops—I added this suggestion just before this file became connect-to-a-cluster.md.
